Blog: Update image and add description (#1471)
FlowFuse/website: src/blog/2023/12/unified-namespace-data-modelling.md

This article aims to explain the process of data modeling for your UNS, highlighting the role of tools like the FlowFuse Team Library in schema management.

**Overview of Steps:**
**Overview of Steps:**
1. [Connection to your Operational Technology (OT) equipment](#step-1---connection-to-your-operational-technology-(ot)-equipment)
2. [Structuring your payload](#step-2---structuring-your-payload)
3. [Building your Topic Hierarchy](#step-3---building-your-topic-hierarchy)
4. [Connection to your Unified Namespace](#step-4---connection-to-your-unified-namespace)

> ## Step 1 - Connection to your Operational Technology OT equipment

Author: ```suggestion
## Step 1 - Connection to your Operational Technology (OT) equipment
```

This article aims to explain the process of data modeling for your UNS, highlighting the role of tools like the FlowFuse Team Library in schema management.

> **Overview of Steps:**

Author: ```suggestion
```

This article aims to explain the process of data modeling for your UNS, highlighting the role of tools like the FlowFuse Team Library in schema management.

**Overview of Steps:**

> - [Step 1 - Connection to your Operational Technology OT equipment](#step-1---connection-to-your-operational-technology-ot-equipment)
> - [Step 2 - Structuring your payload](#step-2---structuring-your-payload)
> - [Step 3 - Building your Topic Hierarchy](#step-3---building-your-topic-hierarchy)
> - [Step 4 - Connection to your Unified Namespace](#step-4---connection-to-your-unified-namespace)
> - [Conclusion](#conclusion)
>   - [The complete Node-RED flow](#the-complete-node-red-flow)

Author: ```suggestion
**Overview of Steps:**
1. [Connection to your Operational Technology (OT) equipment](#step-1---connection-to-your-operational-technology-(ot)-equipment)
2. [Structuring your payload](#step-2---structuring-your-payload)
3. [Building your Topic Hierarchy](#step-3---building-your-topic-hierarchy)
4. [Connection to your Unified Namespace](#step-4---connection-to-your-unified-namespace)
```
